Master, didn't you say you wanted to see it?
Is there a technical exchange meeting for the branch?
And here they go.
Come on.
Miss Ivy's report was excellent
Let's be honest
The price of your company's intelligent products is too expensive.
What's the use of more functions?
It's not very cost-effective.
Mr. Tang
In our industry, it's always been about sex.
They don't care about value for money.
After all
The cost of even one power outage maintenance is very high.
And our products
It can greatly reduce the probability of power failure maintenance
Miss Ivy
young
If this meal is done
It's got to be amazing.
It doesn't matter if it works or not.
I didn't think about it that much.
How can you not want to?
In the workplace, some people lack that wind
Seized the opportunity
It was shaken to the top
And what about me?
Willing to give young people a chance
It seems that Miss Ivy
Not paying much attention to this project
Is Mr. Tang sober?
Miss Ivy
Please respect yourself.
What's wrong with Mr. Tan?
What's wrong?
This is a good employee of your company
He even introduced me to the products he made for me
Due to suggestion
After I rejected him, I hummed
He was so angry
Say what's going to ruin my fertility
Who is right and who is wrong
We can adjust the monitoring.
Really can't
We'll call the police
This little thing
What monitoring to report?
Is Mr. Qing always there?